README.md, before:

- 👋 Hello, I’m Kevin Kim, a senior studying Neuroscience and Computer Science at Emory University. I'm currently interested in pursuing a career in Computer Science in fields such as Machine Learning where I can explore neural networks and generative model creation as an extension of pushing the boundaries of what I have learned about the brain when I studied neuroscience and behavioral biology to work on continual learning models and affective computing.
- 👀 I’m interested in ML, SWE, and Data Science roles.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning VLM, reinforcement learning models (q-learning models), and 2D sprite animation using Pixi.JS.
- 💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on any projects especially ML related ones.
- 📫 How to reach me: kevin.kim5@emory.edu
- 😄 Pronouns: he/him
- Portfolio website: https://kdkim.dev

- Skills: 
Languages: Java, Python, SQL, PostgreSQL, JavaScript, HTML/CSS, R, Swift, C/C++
Frameworks: React/React Native, Node.js, Pytorch, Prisma, Tensorflow, Expo, Prisma 
Developer Tools: Git, Docker, Linux, VS Code, Android Studio, Firebase, Vercel, Asperite, MongoDB, AWS, Kubernetes, GitHub Actions, Auth0
Libraries: pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib, scikit-learn, ChromaDB, JUnit, MaterialUI

<!---
kkim-4/kkim-4 is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->

Commit message:

Refine career interests in README
Updated interests to specify a focus on research-oriented roles in ML, SWE, and Data Science.

README.md, after:

- 👋 Hello, I’m Kevin Kim, a senior studying Neuroscience and Computer Science at Emory University. I'm currently interested in pursuing a career in Computer Science in fields such as Machine Learning where I can explore neural networks and generative model creation as an extension of pushing the boundaries of what I have learned about the brain when I studied neuroscience and behavioral biology to work on continual learning models and affective computing.
- 👀 I’m interested in ML, SWE, and Data Science roles that are more research oriented.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning VLM, reinforcement learning models (q-learning models), and 2D sprite animation using Pixi.JS.
- 💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on any projects especially ML related ones.
- 📫 How to reach me: kevin.kim5@emory.edu
- 😄 Pronouns: he/him
- Portfolio website: https://kdkim.dev

- Skills: 
Languages: Java, Python, SQL, PostgreSQL, JavaScript, HTML/CSS, R, Swift, C/C++
Frameworks: React/React Native, Node.js, Pytorch, Prisma, Tensorflow, Expo, Prisma 
Developer Tools: Git, Docker, Linux, VS Code, Android Studio, Firebase, Vercel, Asperite, MongoDB, AWS, Kubernetes, GitHub Actions, Auth0
Libraries: pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib, scikit-learn, ChromaDB, JUnit, MaterialUI

<!---
kkim-4/kkim-4 is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
